Git command review
Compare two commits, printing each line that is present in one commit but not the other.
git diff will do this It takes two arguments - the two commit ids to compare. 

Only
for the comparation of the Working dir and Stagged Area File
git diff


Make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer.
git clone will do this. It takes one argument - the url of the repository to copy. 


Temporarily reset all files in a directory to their state at the time of a specific commit.
git checkout will do this. It takes one argument - the commit ID to restore. 


Show the commits made in this repository, starting with the most recent.
git log will do this. It doesn't take any arguments.


Show files in current directory.
ls -a 


Creating a new repository of current directory.
git init


Shows which files have changed since last commit.
git status


Add's a file in other stage.
git add file-name


Create an commit with message.
git commit -m "Commit message"


Show the Current Branch you were in.
git branch


We can give multiple Branches to our Commit.
will create another Branch if we pass something as arugments.
git branch Aurgs


To switch the branches.
git checkout name


Mergeing 2 branches.
git merge branch1 branch2


To delete Branch.
git branch -d name


To see all the current Remotes.
git remote


To add local repository on GitHub as a Remote.
Name - "origin" standerd if 1 remote.
URL - of the GitHub Repository.
git remote add name URL


v means verbose eg more Information of the remote
git remote -v


Send Changes to the Remote in GitHub
name - the remote i want to send changes to
branch - the branch which we want to send
git push name branch


Get Github Remote
name - the remote i want to pull
branch - the branch which i want to pull
git pull name branch


Similer to pull but different becoz it will pull the master of GitHubs remote and Update it with Local master.
git fetch remote


merege the 2 branches
git merge 1st 2nd